My fellow Americans, as we approach the final days of the year, it is truly incredible to think of how much we have accomplished on our journey together.

Since the election, we have created more than 2 million jobs for hard-working, wonderful families and wonderful Americans. Unemployment is at a 17-year-low. The stock market is at an alltime high and continues to go up, up, up; we want to keep it going. We have liberated the American economy from the Washington overreach, cutting 22 regulations for every one new regulation, the most in history of our country by far.

And just last week, we delivered a big, beautiful Christmas present to the American people. Congress passed massive tax cuts for millions of working American families and small businesses and large businesses. And those large businesses, in particular, coupled with others, are going to create jobs, jobs, jobs. Our tax plan is focused on the middle class, including a near doubling of the standard deduction and a huge increase in the child tax credit. A typical family of four earning $75,000, will see their tax bill cut in half. One half of what you were paying. And Americans will begin seeing these tax cuts in their paychecks starting in February.

In addition, our border is now strong; we'll be building the wall. Your Second Amendment is safe. We are unlocking America's vast energy resources. We've restored enforcement of immigration laws, taken the fight right to MS-13 and getting them out of the country, and we are now working with Congress to end chain migration and the visa lottery program, which is terrible and brings in people that we don't want in our country.

I'm very proud of the choice of Justice Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, and we are reshaping the entire judiciary for many decades to come.

Congress has authorized funding for our military at near-record levels, so that we can rebuild our full military might after years of dangerous cuts and depletion of our military. We've made historic stride in the fight against the murderous terror group known as ISIS. Today, the coalition to defeat ISIS has recaptured nearly 100 percent of the territory once held by these vile terrorists in Iraq and Syria.

We are rebuilding our Nation, rebuilding our confidence, and rebuilding our standing in the world. Today, the entire world can see that America is coming back and coming back strong. The American people are excited about the future and the incredible possibilities that await all of us. Optimism is everywhere. Enthusiasm is booming. And the thrilling American adventure has never looked brighter. We are facing old challenges with new solutions, and we are seizing new opportunities with brimming confidence and boundless resolve.

Because of you—your patriotism, your devotion, your love for your family—we will be able to pass on the blessings of American liberty and prosperity to our children and our grandchildren. Together, we are protecting our magnificent heritage and reaching for glorious destiny.

Finally, Melania and I want to wish every American a very happy New Year. Our country is great, our country is strong; we're doing things that nobody thought possible, Thank you for giving me the opportunity to help. God bless you, and God bless America.